feat: Auth - OAuth2 (Dovecot PassDB) (#3480)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: docs/content/config/environment.md

Configures the provisioning source of user accounts (including aliases) for user queries and authentication by services managed by DMS (_Postfix and Dovecot_).

> User provisioning via OAUTH2 is planned for the future, see [this tracking issue](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/issues/2713). OAuth2.0 for machine-to-machine authentication (e.g. Roundcube login) has been implemented (see OAUTH2 section below).

Author: Your understanding appears to match mine :)

I would prefer "_supplementary_ authentication method". "Alternative" might imply replacement.

> User provisioning via OAUTH2 is planned for the future, see [this tracking issue](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/issues/2713). OAuth2.0 for machine-to-machine authentication (e.g. Roundcube login) has been implemented (see OAUTH2 section below).

Reviewer: Supplementary is fine, and matches the referenced docs page.

Although I'm not quite sure of the value in this section documenting that entire tip. It's mostly a note that an `ACCOUNT_PROVISIONER` is planned 🤷‍♂️ Remainder is related to the current authentication feature state, but we're basically repeating what is covered there.

- **empty** => use FILE
- LDAP => use LDAP authentication

> - OAUTH2 => use OAUTH2 authentication (**not yet implemented**)

Reviewer 2: Wait - this does not seem to be valid anymore?

ref: https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/3480/files#diff-845c87c5018d576c8f4654f463f2d2a98a4a536fc2c0491cdc41d2680cc50413L65-L68

Author: This PR is only a supplement to a full Auth provider like LDAP/FILE. I'd like to contribute that next if I can.

Reviewer 2: Oh, I read that wrong - all good!

Author: I forgot that I removed that. Might it be better to leave it in `start-mailserver.sh` to solidify the difference between the supplement and a full OAUTH2 provider?

Reviewer: There is no `OIDC` provider, just a stub that's been lingering for a while 🤷‍♂️ 

Since it's already there, I don't mind leaving it as is, but OAUTH2 is primarily meant to be for authorization AFAIK, with OIDC absorbing/extending that spec into proper authentication support?

Revert:

```suggestion
OIDC => use OIDC authentication (**not yet implemented**)
```

Author: I think the core is just auto-configuration using the `.well-known` path. At it's core, it's still OAuth2.0.
I don't have much of a leg to stand on since my knowledge is still somehow minimal despite doing all this work haha. So if you still think OIDC is better, we can change it.

Configures the provisioning source of user accounts (including aliases) for user queries and authentication by services managed by DMS (_Postfix and Dovecot_).

!!! tip "OAuth2 Support"
    Presently DMS supports OAuth2 only as an supplementary authentication method. 
    - A third-party service must provide a valid token for the user which Dovecot validates with the authentication service provider. To enable this feature reference the [OAuth2 configuration example guide][docs::auth::oauth2-config-guide].
    - User accounts must be provisioned to receive mail via one of the supported `ACCOUNT_PROVISIONER` providers.
    - User provisioning via OAUTH2 is planned for the future, see [this tracking issue](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/issues/2713).
[docs::auth::oauth2-config-guide]: ./advanced/auth-oauth2.md

- **empty** => use FILE
- LDAP => use LDAP authentication

> OIDC => use OIDC authentication (**not yet implemented**)

Author: ```suggestion
- OIDC => use OIDC authentication (**not yet implemented**)
```

- **5** => `getmail` The number of minutes for the interval. Min: 1; Max: 30; Default: 5.

#### OAUTH2

##### ENABLE_OAUTH2

- **empty** => OAUTH2 authentication is disabled
- 1 => OAUTH2 authentication is enabled

##### OAUTH2_CLIENT_ID

- => Specify the OAuth2 client ID

##### OAUTH2_CLIENT_SECRET

- => Specify the OAuth2 client secret

##### OAUTH2_INTROSPECTION_URL

> - => Specify the user info endpoint URL of the oauth2 provider. E.g. `https://oauth2.example.com/userinfo/`, where the trailing slash is MANDATORY (at least for Authentik)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- => Specify the user info endpoint URL of the oauth2 provider. E.g. `https://oauth2.example.com/userinfo/`, where the trailing slash is MANDATORY (at least for Authentik)

```

Reviewer: I'm not sure if we need to document the trailing slash. I believe this will vary by service.

It's a common feature with reverse proxies to support enforcing it or supporting a route without it. That could probably front Authentik too in a way that the reverse proxy supports either and handles any explicit requirement when handing off to Authentik.

It's also not always the `userinfo/` endpoint as I've found.

---

I'll come back to this after this review pass as I'm more inclined to drop these ENV.

Reviewer: The trailing slash comment can be left to the guide docs. I'm suggesting with `eg` since I think that's used elsewhere even though it's not entirely correct compared to `e.g.:` 😅 

```suggestion
- => Specify the user info endpoint URL of the oauth2 provider (_eg: `https://oauth2.example.com/userinfo/`_)
```

- **5** => `getmail` The number of minutes for the interval. Min: 1; Max: 30; Default: 5.

#### OAUTH2

##### ENABLE_OAUTH2

- **empty** => OAUTH2 authentication is disabled
- 1 => OAUTH2 authentication is enabled

> ##### OAUTH2_CLIENT_ID

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
##### OAUTH2_CLIENT_ID

```

- **empty** => verySecretId
- => Specify the OAuth2 client ID

> ##### OAUTH2_CLIENT_SECRET

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
##### OAUTH2_CLIENT_SECRET

```

- **empty** => verySecretSecret
- => Specify the OAuth2 client secret

> ##### OAUTH2_INTROSPECTION_URL

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
##### OAUTH2_INTROSPECTION_URL

```

- **empty** => https://oauth2.example.com/userinfo/
- => Specify the user info endpoint URL of the oauth2 provider. The trailing slash is MANDATORY (at least for Authentik)

> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
